ILL reduction gui (#28974)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.1.0/mantidworkbench.rst

- The Sample Transmission Calculator is now implemented in workbench.
- The axis tick markers in a plot can be switched between Log and decimal formats independently of the axes scale.
- Axes limits and labels can be set simultaneously for all subplots with the `Apply to all` button.

> - The DrILL (Data reduction for ILL) interface is now available. See the documentation to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Spreadsheet based data processing interface is created for ILL data reduction. SANS and reflectometry are currently supported.
```
You can also put a reference to its documentation page.

Author: done
